running your ship strategies. You're going thio counter all types out
there. So everything you've been talking to, this point you're gonna
use at some point in time the guy you're gonna you can use one thing
that that you gotta remember at the end of the day, you are still
in charge. It's a lawful order carried out. And when it comes down to
that, okay, if that means you finally have to you're exasperated internally,
you know, when you're done and now you're just gonna save
because that is illegal. I've given you a legal order, carry out the
order not to carry out the order. Then there's going to be consequences
Just going too fast. It's gonna be executive also investigation
ex alive, baby, you don't want to build their you know early. You
don't want to have a rush to judgment. You wanna try toe have resolve
the situation with every leadership skills and you would use that
during your time with routine, especially as officer, but you don't
need to enjoy it. Every day is going to be different and every day there
will be a new challenge. Every day you get way up and figure out
how you're going to execute the mission